---
layout: post
title:  First Conference! UbiComp/ISWC 2022
date: 2022-09-05 21:01:00
description: My experience at UbiComp/ISWC 2022
tags: work
categories: work
---

<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/conference-award.jpg" title="ubicomp/iswc" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    So grateful for my collaborators/friends and 
</div>col

Before I left college for good, one of the items on my "bucket list" was being able to attend an academic conference and hopefully having an accepted submission. I was able to cross this item off in my last semester by attending and submitting a demo for UbiComp/ISWC 2022. 

During the conference, I was able to sit through several panels, presentations, and keynote speaches and learn more about the other research areas in ubiquitous computing and HCI. I was able to see all the impressive hardware that other labs were developing, but I was also able to step outside my comfort zone and sit through presentations focused on AI, ethics, and psychology. After sitting down in a variety of presentations, I was truly able to appreciate the interdiscplinary aspect of the HCI field. 

Most imporantly, I was also able to share my own research with the community. As part of the demo track, I was able to walk conference attendees through the entire PHL system. My team and I demonstrated the learning system comprised with the custom web app, light up keyboard, and custom haptic gloves. We had several people come and try on the gloves and give feedback about what they felt about useability, comfort, and the haptic vibrations. It gave us valuable feedback that we could incorporate into future gloves and into the website. 


<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.html path="assets/img/conference-poster.jpg" title="ubicomp/iswc poster" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Poster describing the PHL system
</div>col


